Added documentation for feature/arangobench-custom-query-bind-vars (#830)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/programs-arangobench.md

|:----------|:------------|
| `aqlinsert` | performs AQL queries that insert one document per query. The `--complexity` parameter controls the number of attributes per document. The attribute values for the inserted documents will be hard-coded, except `_key`. The total number of documents to be inserted is equal to the value of `--requests`. |
| `collection` | creates as many separate (empty) collections as provided in the value of `--requests`. |

> | `custom-query` | executes a custom AQL query, that can be specified either via the `--custom-query` option or be read from a file specified via the `--custom-query-file` option. The query will be executed as many times as the value of `--requests`. The `--complexity` parameter is not used. The query can have bind variables by providing them inside the query in `--custom-query` or `custom-query-file` and also they must be provided via the flag `--custom-query-bindvars`, which should have an argument in json format with the bind variables and their values. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `custom-query` | executes a custom AQL query, that can be specified either via the `--custom-query` option or be read from a file specified via the `--custom-query-file` option. The query will be executed as many times as the value of `--requests`. The `--complexity` parameter is not used. If the query string contains bind variables, they need to be provided separately via the option `--custom-query-bindvars`, which should contain all bind variables as key/value pairs inside a JSON object. |
```
